yeah like if I just kept that momentum
but I determine sorry that's where I was
around Stacey I grew up in Ipswich
Massachusetts and now I basically live
in Vermont all year round
well we started out the day we went up
new base which was like the center
basically the center of the mountain we
rode down that was finally nothing was
going on the mountain
nothing was sliding at all and then went
over to contessa food the princesa which
is the top it's the highest peak on the
mountain
besides the Laguna peak so me my coach
me and Kurt and Alex hunt went up there
was a gnarly hike took about an hour
hour and a half to get up there and then
stoked and I said I'm gonna drop in
first I'll give you the pole wave and
you did a ski cut as he went in and then
dropped all the way down and I saw him
come out at the bottom and he gave me
the full wave that dropped in haber the
heelside turn and then I took a toe side
turn and I saw right down like falling
down the hill that was just the breaking
line like the stock wall I think that's
foam
and I saw where the slide was sliding
over the slab that was remaining
sticking to the mountain
so it's along this huge pile and I tried
to cut out at a 45 degree angle
I tried to hit that little mountain try
and like hop over the sliding snow and
get out to a safe zone but when I hit
the mound that was building up it just
sucked me in like a river but first you
know I was like oh I mean it can't be
that bag or you know I could probably
get out of it because you see in the
movies all the time to see people get
out of some people power up and then all
of a sudden like for me I'm obviously
not as strong of a rider at some people
and so I just tried to power out and did
work for me
it was I was stuck right in the middle
and I think
for a lot of people to get out of
and it's just that was a big reality
check for me because I've never seen an
avalanche before I've never seen a real
big one
I've never seen small ones I repeated
there but just seeing that and feeling
the sheer power was amazing it was like
floating in a river like because I could
feel the contours of the mountain but
then at the same time it was super dense
I could could barely move and I tried to
swim and then being in there I didn't
know where I was and then it hit rocks
and just exploded and I felt being
airborne for a couple of seconds then it
just slowed down a little bit and
stopped I was motionless just cemented
basically cemented in with my arms up
above my head liking like someone's
pointing a gun at me I panicked at first
for the first like 30 seconds and then I
just I realized that panic it's not
gonna do me any good so I tried to slow
my breathing down and just concentrating
stay calm as possible I was conscious
for the entire movement of the slide and
then about 3 minutes into being buried I
succeeded from my god was felt in front
of my mouth and I was breathing and that
probably kept snow out of my mouth but
at the same time it's limited my air
supply because I was breathing same air
over and over and
everyone who was around basically the
entire camp was up on whom the princess
adjust in lower areas so they all
started traversing over to help out with
the recovery the ski patrol of the
mountain just caused chaos because there
like basically ten years behind everyone
else they don't use beacons like I
wanted to ski patrol off the mountain
has a beacon and they forgot to turn
them to search when the search was going
on anyway but their rescue form was
forming a probe line and that probe line
pass over me twice I guess Alex found me
probe me and Alex and John dug me out
the first person I remember talking to
is Travis he jumped into the hole and he
starts yelling Randall Randall can you
hear me can you hear me that's why I'm
like I came to all hit me at once like
what just happened it was one of those
things where I and then who I didn't
know but I just had this gut feeling
like I was gonna be okay because we were
prepared yeah dad beacons shovels probe
with one of the best guides in the world
right there at the bottom of the slide
deposited hiking up right away as soon
as it stops it was I just felt I was
really nervous and really worried I was
scared for my life most scared I've ever
been but I just had a gut feeling and
that helped me stay calm a little bit